Passenger plane carrying at least 60 people crashes in mountainous area of central Iran
South Korean songs allowed to be played in public at Pyongyang event - North Korea has allowed songs from the South to be played in public for the first time in years, state media said Saturday, as a thaw in usually frosty ties gains momentum thanks to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.
94% of Canadians believe journalism is important to democracy &amp; that policy should reflect protecting it.
Russian opposition leader hits out at Instagram for removing photos of Kremlin leader on yacht ‘with escorts’
Ex-CIA director: US meddles in foreign elections 'for a good cause'
Putin Personally Ordered Crimea Annexation, Ex-Duma Deputy Testifies
Rightwing groups plot to ditch EU safety standards on food and drugs. ‘Ideal’ UK-US trade deal would see banned products sold in post-Brexit Britain, says accidentally released memo.
Iceland law to outlaw male circumcision sparks row over religious freedom
Too hot for turtle guys: Great Barrier Reef is dangerously warm for male green sea turtles - Because of warming climates, green sea turtles at the Great Barrier Reef are having female babies almost exclusively. This could lead to the end of the entire species.
Crew of ship on southern Philippines sea has repelled pirate attack using boiling water mixed with oil. Twenty-seven sailors aboard Philippines ship MV Kudos stopped 12 pirates trying to board ship in Basilan sea, by splashing armed men with concoction of hot water and oil.
Kangaroo strikes back against hunter with headbutt that breaks his jaw
Real-life 'Three Billboards' in Malta, about assassinated journalist, taken down during the night.
Court in Pakistan sentences man to death for raping and murdering 7 year/old Zainab Ansari.
U.S. sounds alarm over PESCO, the EU framework for deeper defence cooperation - The U.S. has warned the EU not to "fence off" the American military–industrial complex when acquiring military equipment to bolster Europe's military strength
A Carnival cruise in the South Pacific descended into violent anarchy as security guards brawled with vacationers in a bare-knuckles melee
Sweden has granted citizenship to a Stockholm-based scientist Ahmadreza Djalali, being held in Iran under sentence of death. Convicted of espionage, seventy-five Nobel prize laureates petitioned Iran last year to release Djalali.
Fire burns Tibetans most holy site Jokhang Monastery in Lhasa,
Chinese State-Owned Chemical Firm Joins Dark Money Group Pouring Cash Into U.S. Elections
Poland's Premier: There were Polish perpetrators in the Holocaust just as there were Jewish ones - Israel News
Irish Government committee is talking to unionists to prepare for a possible United Ireland
Juveniles (18y.o. and under) committed 45% of sex offences in Ireland in 2016
The British embassy in Washington backtracked on promises to host a session of the parliamentary inquiry into fake news, because of worries it might offend Donald Trump, the Observer has learned.
The tactics of a Russian troll farm
Tremors felt across parts of UK
Facebook will need to re-register consent from all its users in Europe under the EU's new "ePrivacy law". The law applies to all tech companies that do business in Europe, but Facebook will be especially affected because its business consists entirely of user data.
Putin's chef, a troll farm, and Russia's plot to hijack US democracy
Hiding in plain sight: Russia's private mercenaries and the lengths Moscow goes to deny them
Anger at Google image search 'peace deal'
All 66 onboard killed in Iran plane crash
Bomb detonated on IDF force patrolling Gaza border
More than a million benefits sanctions imposed on UK disabled people since 2010 - Groundbreaking Demos study reveals ‘culture of disbelief’ about disability among jobcentre staff leads to money being docked
Hackers stole $6 million from Russian bank via SWIFT system: central bank
Meet the 13 Russians charged in Mueller probe
India, Iran agree to step up efforts to help Afghanistan
Marry Two Or More Women To Reduce Prostitution Among Ladies - Magufuli Appeals To Tanzanian Men
Outraged By The Ban Of “PadMan” Movie, Pakistani Women Are Sending Pads To The Censor Board
Ahmadreza Djalali: Sweden grants citizenship to academic facing death penalty in Iran
Lost Artwork Found Under Famous Picasso Painting
For Russia, Unraveling US Democracy Was Just Another Day Job
Hundreds of far-right extremists marched through the center of Sofia on Saturday to honor a Bulgarian general who led a pro-Nazi organization in the 1930s and 1940s
Scientists grow sheep embryos containing human cells. Advance brings us closer to growing transplant organs inside animals or being able to genetically tailor organs to be compatible with the immune system of the patient receiving them, removing the possibility of rejection.
Jokhang temple: fire engulfs ancient 'heart' of Tibetan Buddhism
Killing prompts return of Philippines workers from Kuwait, as many as 10,000 Filipino workers in Kuwait are expected to take up the Philippines government's offer of a free flight home.
Theresa May says there won't be a 2nd Brexit referendum
Holding up wreckage of Iranian drone, Netanyahu asks Iran's FM Zarif who's in the crowd: "Do you recognize it? It’s yours. Don’t test us"
Helicopter crash in quake zone kills 13
Public accounts 'clearly show' Assad's continuing use of chemical weapons - McMaster
Big One fears as earthquake 'cluster' strikes Pacific Ring of Fire
Nigeria: three suicide bombers kill at least 20 people at market
1,200-year-old comb holds clues to the Viking alphabet
Polish Prime Minister said Jews also perpetrated holocaust on Christians in communist Russia
UK Government must reconsider 'punitive' student loan interest rates, MPs say - The Treasury Committee is 'unconvinced' by argument that high interest rates on student loans are progressive, report says
The oil field carnage that Moscow doesn't want to talk about: There are growing indications that US airstrikes killed and injured dozens of Russian military contractors in northern Syria earlier this month. Families of the dead men are starting to ask questions.
MPs want six-year-old to have access to cannabis treatment for epilepsy - UK MPs have called on the Home Secretary to issue a medical cannabis licence to a six-year-old boy whose rare form of epilepsy improves after taking the drug.
Passenger plane crashes in Iran mountains
Campaigners protest Tutankhamun world tour, calls it ‘catastrophe’ - Artifacts law allows rental of duplicates, not originals, &amp; leasing to scientific bodies, not private firms as are the terms of this contract. Low insurance is causing fear Tutankhamen's coffin could be claimed stolen.
Russian operatives conducted 'information warfare' against the US. Here's how they did it - Donald Trump's America -
‘An Endless War’: Why 4 U.S. Soldiers Died in a Remote African Desert
Bank of America, Royal Bank of Canada, Barclays, Bank of New York, Bank of Montreal, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Deutsche Bank Invested Over $400 Million in a UK Medical Cannabis Company.
China's Feminist Movement Braves A Govt Crackdown - It’s the latest battle for equal rights in China. "The actual status of women in China is a very profound issue." When the #MeToo movement sprouted online &amp; in campaigns, the govt shut it down.
Hamas says it used anti-aircraft missiles against Israeli jets over Gaza
Gaetano Donizetti opera lost for 200 years set for London premiere - The opera was thought to have been lost until musicologist Candida Mantica, a PhD student at Southampton University, painstakingly located and deciphered the score’s fragments over eight years.
18 killed in fresh Saudi strikes on Yemen's Sa'ada
Research team uncovers hidden details in Picasso Blue Period painting. An underlying painting, likely by another Barcelona painter, and major compositional changes are among findings.
Tremors felt across parts of UK
Indian film on menstrual hygiene 'PadMan' banned in Pakistan
A former Russian troll speaks: ‘It was like being in Orwell’s world’
Household cleaning products may harm lung function in women
UK Labour commits to installing sprinkler systems in all new schools as figures show less than one in three have them fitted - Labour says it would close a loophole in current legislation that allows a significant proportion of schools not to install sprinklers
Shamans called in as back-up following outbreak of mysterious madness among Nicaragua’s Indigenous communities, according to Ministry of Health. Nicaraguan anthropologists insist traditional techniques are best used to treat 'grisi siknis' outbreak, which "Western medicinal treatments" cannot cure.
BC Liberal leader [and former Attorney General] lobbied for a notorious American polluter, who ended up receiving an environmental hall pass from the province
Thousands of Kurds marched through the French city of Strasbourg on Saturday to call for the release of jailed PKK founder Abdullah Ocalan and protest against Turkey's military offensive in Syria
Public reports 'clearly show' Assad's use of chemical weapons: McMaster
7.2 Quake Damages Homes, But Mexico Avoids Major Destruction
Arrest made over Grace Mugabe PhD award Arrest made over Grace Mugabe PhD award
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau Reaches India On A "Busy Visit": 10 Points
18 Hamas targets struck by the IDF Saturday night 18 Hamas targets struck by the IDF Saturday night
Myanmar policeman who detained Reuters pair 'did not know arrest procedures'
South Korea's Moon puts brakes on hopes for quick talks with North
4 IDF soldiers wounded after explosive device detonated near Gaza border
China’s Lunar New Year’s Gala Wowed Watchers with AI Innovations
Tillerson to North Korea on talks: 'I'm listening' Tillerson to North Korea on talks: 'I'm listening'
South Korea's Moon puts brakes on hopes for quick talks with North
Japan, short of workers, eyes hiking optional pension age beyond 70: Japan has okayed plans to let people choose to start drawing state pensions beyond age of 70 as it grapples with severe labor shortages, ballooning welfare costs and shriveling tax base stemming from greying population.
Australia's coalition in crisis as PM goes to war with deputy over affair
High-energy basketball court cleaner becomes social media star in China
'Criminal villages' undermining the Chinese dream 'Criminal villages' undermining the Chinese dream
Explosive device detonated against IDF troops near Gaza border Explosive device detonated against IDF troops near Gaza border
U.S. calls for action to halt Iran's growing 'network of proxies' U.S. calls for action to halt Iran's growing 'network of proxies'
U.S. Pushes to Put Pakistan on Terrorism Financing Watchlist U.S. Pushes to Put Pakistan on Terrorism Financing Watchlist
India, Iran to step up co-operation on Afghanistan India, Iran to step up co-operation on Afghanistan
Israel Gaza: Four Israeli soldiers injured in border blast Israel Gaza: Four Israeli soldiers injured in border blast
In Switzerland, it's now illegal to boil a lobster In Switzerland, it's now illegal to boil a lobster
Juncker wants more qualified majority voting in foreign policy Juncker wants more qualified majority voting in foreign policy
Ethiopia says state of emergency will last six months Ethiopia says state of emergency will last six months
